a recipe for a classic macaroni salad is
a must-have during the summer start by
cooking one box of elbow macaroni
according to the package directions
drain rinse and cool then add to a large
bowl now combine 1 cup of mayonnaise
two tablespoons of vinegar one
tablespoon of Dijon mustard one teaspoon
of sugar
one teaspoon of salt
and 1/4 teaspoon of ground black pepper
to the same bowl add 1 cup thinly sliced
celery 1 cup of chopped green and red
peppers and a quarter cup of chopped red
onions
you
this is a classic side to have at an
outdoor barbecue and it can be made in
advance to avoid any last-minute shuffle
classic macaroni salad for more
delicious summer recipes visit summer
kitchen TV